last transaction queued at: 5cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 44 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last transaction queued at: 17cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 68 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last transaction queued at: 69cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 164 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last transaction queued at: 437cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 548 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last transaction queued at: 1897cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 1060 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 2008 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 0 cycle
last transaction queued at: 7638cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 1060 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 2008 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 2956 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 3968 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 4905 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 5853 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 6801 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 7749 cycle
last transaction queued at: 30743cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 24161 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 25109 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 26057 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 27005 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 28010 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 28958 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 29906 cycle
last_read_cmd_cycle: 30854 cycle
